
E 1.8-001 "Gopaldhara"

Usage: eprover [options] [files]

Read a set of first-order clauses and formulae and try to refute it.

Options:

   -h
  --help
    Print a short description of program usage and options.

   -V
  --version
    Print the version number of the prover. Please include this with all bug
    reports (if any).

   -v
  --verbose[=<arg>]
    Verbose comments on the progress of the program. This differs from the
    output level (below) in that technical information is printed to stderr,
    while the output level determines which logical manipulations of the
    clauses are printed to stdout. The short form or the long form without
    the optional argument is equivalent to --verbose=1.

   -o <arg>
  --output-file=<arg>
    Redirect output into the named file.

   -s
  --silent
    Equivalent to --output-level=0.

   -l <arg>
  --output-level=<arg>
    Select an output level, greater values imply more verbose output. Level 0
    produces nearly no output, level 1 will output each clause as it is
    processed, level 2 will output generating inferences, level 3 will give a
    full protocol including rewrite steps and level 4 will include some
    internal clause renamings. Levels >= 2 also imply PCL2 or TSTP formats
    (which can be post-processed with suitable tools).

   -p
  --proof-object[=<arg>]
    Generate (and print, in case of success) an internal proof object. Level
    0 will not build a proof object, level 1 will build a simple, compact
    proof object that only contains inference rules and dependencies, level 2
    will build a proof object where inferences are unambiguously described by
    giving inference positions, and level 3 will expand this to a proof
    object where all intermediate results are explicit. This feature is under
    development, so far only level 0 and 1 are operational. The short form or
    the long form without the optional argument is equivalent to
    --proof-object=1.

  --pcl-terms-compressed
    Print terms in the PCL output in shared representation.

  --pcl-compact
    Print PCL steps without additional spaces for formatting (safes disk
    space for large protocols).

  --pcl-shell-level[=<arg>]
    Determines level to which clauses and formulas are suppressed in the
    output. Level 0 will print all, level 1 will only print initial
    clauses/formulas, level 2 will print no clauses or axioms. All levels
    will still print the dependency graph. The option without the optional
    argument is equivalent to --pcl-shell-level=1.

  --print-statistics
    Print the inference statistics (only relevant for output level
    0,otherwise they are printed automatically.

   -0
  --print-detailed-statistics
    Print data about the proof state that is potentially expensive to
    collect. Includes number of term cells and number of rewrite steps.

   -S
  --print-saturated[=<arg>]
    Print the (semi-) saturated clause sets after terminating the saturation
    process. The argument given describes which parts should be printed in
    which order. Legal characters are 'eigEIGaA', standing for processed
    positive units, processed negative units, processed non-units,
    unprocessed positive units, unprocessed negative units, unprocessed
    non-units, and two types of additional equality axioms, respectively.
    Equality axioms will only be printed if the original specification
    contained real equality. In this case, 'a' requests axioms in which a
    separate substitutivity axiom is given for each argument position of a
    function or predicate symbol, while 'A' requests a single substitutivity
    axiom (covering all positions) for each symbol. The short form or the
    long form without the optional argument is equivalent to
    --print-saturated=eigEIG.

  --print-sat-info
    Print additional information (clause number, weight, etc) as a comment
    for clauses from the semi-saturated end system.

  --filter-saturated[=<arg>]
    Filter the  (semi-) saturated clause sets after terminating the
    saturation process. The argument is a string describing which operations
    to take (and in which order). Options are 'u' (remove all clauses with
    more than one literal), 'c' (delete all but one copy of identical
    clauses, 'n', 'r', 'f' (forward contraction, unit-subsumption only, no
    rewriting, rewriting with rules only, full rewriting, respectively), and
    'N', 'R' and 'F' (as their lower case counterparts, but with
    non-unit-subsumption enabled as well). The option without the optional
    argument is equivalent to --filter-saturated=Fc.

  --prune
    Stop after relevancy pruning, SInE pruning, and output of the initial
    clause- and formula set. This will automatically set output level to 4 so
    that the pruned problem specification is printed. Note that the desired
    pruning methods must still be specified (e.g. '--sine=Auto'

  --cnf
    Convert the input problem into clause normal form and print it. This is
    (nearly) equivalent to '--print-saturated=eigEIG
    --processed-clauses-limit=0' and will by default perform some usually
    useful simplifications. You can additionally specify e.g.
    '--no-preprocessing' if you want just the result of CNF translation.

  --print-pid
    Print the process id of the prover as a comment after option processing.

  --print-version
    Print the version number of the prover as a comment after option
    processing. Note that unlike -version, the prover will not terminate, but
    proceed normally.

  --error-on-empty
    Return with an error code if the input file contains no clauses.
    Formally, the empty clause set (as an empty conjunction of clauses) is
    trivially satisfiable, and E will treat any empty input set as
    satisfiable. However, in composite systems this is more often a sign that
    something went wrong. Use this option to catch such bugs.

   -m <arg>
  --memory-limit=<arg>
    Limit the memory the prover may use. The argument is the allowed amount
    of memory in MB. If you use the argument 'Auto', the system will try to
    figure out the amount of physical memory of your machine and claim most
    of it. This option may not work everywhere, due to broken and/or strange
    behaviour of setrlimit() in some UNIX implementations, and due to the
    fact that I know of no portable way to figure out the physical memory in
    a machine. Both the option and the 'Auto' version do work under all
    tested versions of Solaris and GNU/Linux. Due to problems with limit data
    types, it is currently impossible to set a limit of more than 2 GB (2048
    MB).

  --cpu-limit[=<arg>]
    Limit the cpu time the prover should run. The optional argument is the
    CPU time in seconds. The prover will terminate immediately after reaching
    the time limit, regardless of internal state. This option may not work
    everywhere, due to broken and/or strange behaviour of setrlimit() in some
    UNIX implementations. It does work under all tested versions of Solaris,
    HP-UX, MacOS-X, and GNU/Linux. As a side effect, this option will inhibit
    core file writing. Please note that if you use both --cpu-limit and
    --soft-cpu-limit, the soft limit has to be smaller than the hard limit to
    have any effect.  The option without the optional argument is equivalent
    to --cpu-limit=300.

  --soft-cpu-limit[=<arg>]
    Limit the cpu time the prover should spend in the main saturation phase.
    The prover will then terminate gracefully, i.e. it will perform
    post-processing, filtering and printing of unprocessed clauses, if these
    options are selected. Note that for some filtering options (in particular
    those which perform full subsumption), the post-processing time may well
    be larger than the saturation time. This option is particularly useful if
    you want to use E as a preprocessor or lemma generator in a larger
    system. The option without the optional argument is equivalent to
    --soft-cpu-limit=290.

   -R
  --resources-info
    Give some information about the resources used by the prover. You will
    usually get CPU time information. On systems returning more information
    with the rusage() system call, you will also get information about memory
    consumption.

   -C <arg>
  --processed-clauses-limit=<arg>
    Set the maximal number of clauses to process (i.e. the number of
    traversals of the main-loop).

  --answers[=<arg>]
    Set the maximal number of answers to print for existentially quantified
    questions. Without this option, the prover terminates after the first
    answer found. If the value is different from 1, the prover is no longer
    guaranteed to terminate, even if there is a finite number of answers. The
    option without the optional argument is equivalent to
    --answers=2147483647.

  --conjectures-are-questions
    Treat all conjectures as questions to be answered. This is a wart
    necessary because CASC-J6 has categories requiring answers, but does not
    yet support the 'question' type for formulas.

   -P <arg>
  --processed-set-limit=<arg>
    Set the maximal size of the set of processed clauses. This differs from
    the previous option in that redundant and back-simplified processed
    clauses are not counted.

   -U <arg>
  --unprocessed-limit=<arg>
    Set the maximal size of the set of unprocessed clauses. This is a
    termination condition, not something to use to control the deletion of
    bad clauses. Compare --delete-bad-limit.

   -T <arg>
  --total-clause-set-limit=<arg>
    Set the maximal size of the set of all clauses. See previous option.

   -n
  --eqn-no-infix
    In LOP, print equations in prefix notation equal(x,y).

   -e
  --full-equational-rep
    In LOP. print all literals as equations, even non-equational ones.

  --tptp-in
    Parse TPTP-2 format instead of E-LOP (but note that includes are handled
    according to TPTP-3 semantics).

  --tptp-out
    Print TPTP format instead of E-LOP. Implies --eqn-no-infix and will
    ignore --full-equational-rep.

  --tptp-format
    Equivalent to --tptp-in and --tptp-out.

  --tptp2-in
    Synonymous with --tptp-in.

  --tptp2-out
    Synonymous with --tptp-out.

  --tptp2-format
    Synonymous with --tptp-format.

  --tstp-in
    Parse TPTP-3 format instead of E-LOP (Note that TPTP-3 syntax is still
    under development, and the version in E may not be fully conforming at
    all times. E works on all TPTP 3.0.1 input files (including includes).

  --tstp-out
    Print output clauses in TPTP-3 syntax. In particular, for output levels
    >=2, write derivations as TPTP-3 derivations (default is PCL).

  --tstp-format
    Equivalent to --tstp-in and --tstp-out.

  --tptp3-in
    Synonymous with --tstp-in.

  --tptp3-out
    Synonymous with --tstp-out.

  --tptp3-format
    Synonymous with --tstp-format.

  --auto
    Automatically determine settings for proof search. This is equivalent to
    -xAuto -tAuto --sine=Auto.

  --satauto
    Automatically determine settings for proof/saturation search. This is
    equivalent to -xAuto -tAuto.

  --autodev
    Automatically determine settings for proof search (development version).
    This is equivalent to -xAutoDev -tAutoDev --sine=Auto.

  --satautodev
    Automatically determine settings for proof/saturation search (development
    version). This is equivalent to -xAutoDev -tAutoDev.

  --auto-schedule
    Use the (experimental) strategy scheduling. This will try several
    different fully specified search strategies (aka "Auto-Modes"), one after
    the other, until a proof or saturation is found, or the time limit is
    exceeded.

  --no-preprocessing
    Do not perform preprocessing on the initial clause set. Preprocessing
    currently removes tautologies and orders terms, literals and clauses in a
    certain ("canonical") way before anything else happens. Unless limited by
    one of the following options, it will also unfold equational definitions.

  --eq-unfold-limit=<arg>
    During preprocessing, limit unfolding (and removing) of equational
    definitions to those where the expanded definition is at most the given
    limit bigger (in terms of standard weight) than the defined term.

  --eq-unfold-maxclauses=<arg>
    During preprocessing, don't try unfolding of equational definitions if
    the problem has more than this limit of clauses.

  --no-eq-unfolding
    During preprocessing, abstain from unfolding (and removing) equational
    definitions.

  --sine[=<arg>]
    Apply SInE to prune the unprocessed axioms with the specified filter.
    'Auto' will automatically pick a filter. The option without the optional
    argument is equivalent to --sine=Auto.

  --rel-pruning-level[=<arg>]
    Perform relevancy pruning up to the given level on the unprocessed
    axioms. The option without the optional argument is equivalent to
    --rel-pruning-level=3.

  --presat-simplify
    Before proper saturation do a complete interreduction of the proof state.

  --ac-handling[=<arg>]
    Select AC handling mode. Preselected is 'DiscardAll', other options are
    'None' to disable AC handling, 'KeepUnits', and 'KeepOrientable'. The
    option without the optional argument is equivalent to
    --ac-handling=KeepUnits.

  --ac-non-aggressive
    Do AC resolution on negative literals only on processing (by default, AC
    resolution is done after clause creation). Only effective if AC handling
    is not disabled.

   -W <arg>
  --literal-selection-strategy=<arg>
    Choose a strategy for selection of negative literals. There are two
    special values for this option: NoSelection will select no literal (i.e.
    perform normal superposition) and NoGeneration will inhibit all
    generating inferences. For a list of the other (hopefully
    self-documenting) values run 'eprover -W none'. There are two variants of
    each strategy. The one prefixed with 'P' will allow paramodulation into
    maximal positive literals in addition to paramodulation into maximal
    selected negative literals.

  --no-generation
    Don't perform any generating inferences (equivalent to
    --literal-selection-strategy=NoGeneration).

  --select-on-processing-only
    Perform literal selection at processing time only (i.e. select only in
    the _given clause_), not before clause evaluation. This is relevant
    because many clause selection heuristics give special consideration to
    maximal or selected literals.

   -i
  --inherit-paramod-literals
    Always select the negative literals a previous inference paramodulated
    into (if possible). If no such literal exists, select as dictated by the
    selection strategy.

   -j
  --inherit-goal-pm-literals
    In a goal (all negative clause), always select the negative literals a
    previous inference paramodulated into (if possible). If no such literal
    exists, select as dictated by the selection strategy.

   -j
  --inherit-conjecture-pm-literals
    In a conjecture-derived clause), always select the negative literals a
    previous inference paramodulated into (if possible). If no such literal
    exists, select as dictated by the selection strategy.

  --selection-pos-min=<arg>
    Set a lower limit for the number of positive literals a clause must have
    to be eligible for literal selection.

  --selection-pos-max=<arg>
    Set a upper limit for the number of positive literals a clause can have
    to be eligible for literal selection.

  --selection-neg-min=<arg>
    Set a lower limit for the number of negative literals a clause must have
    to be eligible for literal selection.

  --selection-neg-max=<arg>
    Set a upper limit for the number of negative literals a clause can have
    to be eligible for literal selection.

  --selection-all-min=<arg>
    Set a lower limit for the number of literals a clause must have to be
    eligible for literal selection.

  --selection-all-max=<arg>
    Set an upper limit for the number of literals a clause must have to be
    eligible for literal selection.

  --selection-weight-min=<arg>
    Set the minimum weight a clause must have to be eligible for literal
    selection.

  --prefer-initial-clauses
    Always process all initial clauses first.

   -x <arg>
  --expert-heuristic=<arg>
    Select one of the clause selection heuristics. Currently at least
    available: Auto, Weight, StandardWeight, RWeight, FIFO, LIFO, Uniq,
    UseWatchlist. For a full list check HEURISTICS/che_proofcontrol.c. Auto
    is recommended if you only want to find a proof. It is special in that it
    will also set some additional options. To have optimal performance, you
    also should specify -tAuto to select a good term ordering. LIFO is unfair
    and will make the prover incomplete. Uniq is used internally and is not
    very useful in most cases. You can define more heuristics using the
    option -H (see below).

  --filter-limit[=<arg>]
    Set the limit on the number of 'storage units' in the proof state, after
    which the set of unprocessed clauses will be filtered against the
    processed clauses to eliminate redundant clauses. As of E 0.7, a 'storage
    unit' is approximately one byte, however, storage is estimated in an
    abstract way, independent of hardware or memory allocation library, and
    the storage estimate is only an approximation. The option without the
    optional argument is equivalent to --filter-limit=1000000.

  --filter-copies-limit[=<arg>]
    Set the number of storage units in new unprocessed clauses after which
    the set of unprocessed clauses will be filtered for equivalent copies of
    clauses (see above). As this operation is cheaper, you may want to set
    this limit lower than --filter-limit. The option without the optional
    argument is equivalent to --filter-copies-limit=800000.

  --delete-bad-limit[=<arg>]
    Set the number of storage units after which bad clauses are deleted
    without further consideration. This causes the prover to be potentially
    incomplete, but will allow you to limit the maximum amount of memory used
    fairly well. The prover will tell you if a proof attempt failed due to
    the incompleteness introduced by this option. It is recommended to set
    this limit significantly higher than --filter-limit or
    --filter-copies-limit. If you select -xAuto and set a memory limit, the
    prover will determine a good value automatically. The option without the
    optional argument is equivalent to --delete-bad-limit=1500000.

  --assume-completeness
    There are various way (e.g. the next few options) to configure the prover
    to be strongly incomplete in the general case. E will detect when such an
    option is selected and return corresponding exit states (i.e. it will not
    claim satisfiability just because it ran out of unprocessed clauses). If
    you _know_ that for your class of problems the selected strategy is still
    complete, use this option to tell the system that this is the case.

  --assume-incompleteness
    This option instructs the prover to assume incompleteness (typically
    because the axiomatization already is incomplete because axioms have been
    filtered before they are handed to the system.

  --disable-eq-factoring
    Disable equality factoring. This makes the prover incomplete for general
    non-Horn problems, but helps for some specialized classes. It is not
    necessary to disable equality factoring for Horn problems, as Horn
    clauses are not factored anyways.

  --disable-paramod-into-neg-units
    Disable paramodulation into negative unit clause. This makes the prover
    incomplete in the general case, but helps for some specialized classes.

  --condense
    Enable condensing for the given clause. Condensing replaces a clause by a
    more general factor (if such a factor exists).

  --condense-aggressive
    Enable condensing for the given and newly generated clauses.

  --disable-given-clause-fw-contraction
    Disable simplification and subsumption of the newly selected given clause
    (clauses are still simplified when they are generated). In general, this
    breaks some basic assumptions of the DISCOUNT loop proof search
    procedure. However, there are some problem classes in which  this
    simplifications empirically never occurs. In such cases, we can save
    significant overhead. The option _should_ work in all cases, but is not
    expected to improve things in most cases.

  --simul-paramod
    Use simultaneous paramodulation to implement superposition. Default is to
    use plain paramodulation. This is an experimental feature.

  --oriented-simul-paramod
    Use simultaneous paramodulation for oriented from-literals. This is an
    experimental feature.

  --split-clauses[=<arg>]
    Determine which clauses should be subject to splitting. The argument is
    the binary 'OR' of values for the desired classes:
         1:  Horn clauses
         2:  Non-Horn clauses
         4:  Negative clauses
         8:  Positive clauses
        16:  Clauses with both positive and negative literals
    Each set bit adds that class to the set of clauses which will be split.
    The option without the optional argument is equivalent to
    --split-clauses=7.

  --split-method=<arg>
    Determine how to treat ground literals in splitting. The argument is
    either '0' to denote no splitting of ground literals (they are all
    assigned to the first split clause produced), '1' to denote that all
    ground literals should form a single new clause, or '2', in which case
    ground literals are treated as usual and are all split off into
    individual clauses.

  --split-aggressive
    Apply splitting to new clauses (after simplification) and before
    evaluation. By default, splitting (if activated) is only performed on
    selected clauses. 

  --split-reuse-defs
    If possible, reuse previous definitions for splitting.

  --reweight-limit[=<arg>]
    Set the number of new unprocessed clauses after which the set of
    unprocessed clauses will be reevaluated. The option without the optional
    argument is equivalent to --reweight-limit=30000.

   -t <arg>
  --term-ordering=<arg>
    Select an ordering type (currently Auto, LPO, LPO4, KBO or KBO6). -tAuto
    is suggested, in particular with -xAuto. KBO and KBO1 are different
    implementations of the same ordering, KBO is usually faster and has had
    more testing. Similarly, LPO4 is an new, equivalent but superior
    implementation of LPO.

   -w <arg>
  --order-weight-generation=<arg>
    Select a method for the generation of weights for use with the term
    ordering. Run 'eprover -w none' for a list of options.

  --order-weights=<arg>
    Describe a (partial) assignments of weights to function symbols for term
    orderings (in particular, KBO). You can specify a list of weights of the
    form 'f1:w1,f2:w2, ...'. Since a total weight assignment is needed, E
    will _first_ apply any weight generation scheme specified (or the default
    one), and then modify the weights as specified. Note that E performs only
    very basic sanity checks, so you probably can specify weights that break
    KBO constraints.

   -G <arg>
  --order-precedence-generation=<arg>
    Select a method for the generation of a precedence for use with the term
    ordering. Run 'eprover -G none' for a list of options.

   -c <arg>
  --order-constant-weight=<arg>
    Set a special weight > 0 for constants in the term ordering. By default,
    constants are treated like other function symbols.

  --precedence[=<arg>]
    Describe a (partial) precedence for the term ordering used for the proof
    attempt. You can specify a comma-separated list of precedence chains,
    where a precedence chain is a list of function symbols (which all have to
    appear in the proof problem), connected by >, <, or =. If this option is
    used in connection with --order-precedence-generation, the partial
    ordering will be completed using the selected method, otherwise the
    prover runs with a non-ground-total ordering. The option without the
    optional argument is equivalent to --precedence=.

  --lpo-recursion-limit[=<arg>]
    Set a depth limit for LPO comparisons. Most comparisons do not need more
    than 10 or 20 levels of recursion. By default, recursion depth is limited
    to 1000 to avoid stack overflow problems. If the limit is reached, the
    prover assumes that the terms are uncomparable. Smaller values make the
    comparison attempts faster, but less exact. Larger values have the
    opposite effect. Values up to 20000 should be save on most operating
    systems. If you run into segmentation faults while using LPO or LPO4,
    first try to set this limit to a reasonable value. If the problem
    persists, send a bug report ;-) The option without the optional argument
    is equivalent to --lpo-recursion-limit=100.

  --restrict-literal-comparisons
    Make all literals uncomparable in the term ordering (i.e. do not use the
    term ordering to restrict paramodulation, equality resolution and
    factoring to certain literals. This is necessary to make
    Set-of-Support-strategies complete for the non-equational case (It still
    is incomplete for the equational case, but pretty useless anyways).

  --sos-uses-input-types
    If input is TPTP format, use TPTP conjectures for initializing the Set of
    Support. If not in TPTP format, use E-LOP queries (clauses of the form
    ?-l(X),...,m(Y)). Normally, all negative clauses are used. Please note
    that most E heuristics do not use this information at all, it is
    currently only useful for certain parameter settings (including the
    SimulateSOS priority function).

  --destructive-er
    Allow destructive equality resolution inferences on pure-variable
    literals of the form X!=Y, i.e. replace the original clause with the
    result of an equality resolution inference on this literal.

  --strong-destructive-er
    Allow destructive equality resolution inferences on literals of the form
    X!=t (where X does not occur in t), i.e. replace the original clause with
    the result of an equality resolution inference on this literal. Unless I
    am brain-dead, this maintains completeness, although the proof is rather
    tricky.

  --destructive-er-aggressive
    Apply destructive equality resolution to all newly generated clauses, not
    just to selected clauses. Implies --destructive-er.

  --forward-context-sr
    Apply contextual simplify-reflect with processed clauses to the given
    clause.

  --forward-context-sr-aggressive
    Apply contextual simplify-reflect with processed clauses to new clauses.
    Implies --forward-context-sr.

  --backward-context-sr
    Apply contextual simplify-reflect with the given clause to processed
    clauses.

   -g
  --prefer-general-demodulators
    Prefer general demodulators. By default, E prefers specialized
    demodulators. This affects in which order the rewrite  index is
    traversed.

   -F <arg>
  --forward_demod_level=<arg>
    Set the desired level for rewriting of unprocessed clauses. A value of 0
    means no rewriting, 1 indicates to use rules (orientable equations) only,
    2 indicates full rewriting with rules and instances of unorientable
    equations. Default behavior is 2.

  --strong-rw-inst
    Instantiate unbound variables in matching potential demodulators with a
    small constant terms.

   -u
  --strong-forward-subsumption
    Try multiple positions and unit-equations to try to equationally subsume
    a single new clause. Default is to search for a single position.

  --watchlist[=<arg>]
    Give the name for a file containing clauses to be watched for during the
    saturation process. If a clause is generated that subsumes a watchlist
    clause, the subsumed clause is removed from the watchlist. The prover
    will terminate when the watchlist is empty. If you want to use the
    watchlist for guiding the proof, put the empty clause onto the list and
    use the built-in clause selection heuristic 'UseWatchlist' (or build a
    heuristic yourself using the priority functions 'PreferWatchlist' and
    'DeferWatchlist'). Use the argument 'Use inline watchlist type' (or no
    argument) and the special clause type 'watchlist' if you want to put
    watchlist clauses into the normal input stream. This is only supported
    for TPTP input formats. The option without the optional argument is
    equivalent to --watchlist='Use inline watchlist type'.

  --no-watchlist-simplification
    Normally, that watchlist is brought into normal form with respect to the
    current processed clause set and certain simplifications. This option
    disables this behaviour.

  --conventional-subsumption
    Equivalent to --subsumption-indexing=None.

  --subsumption-indexing=<arg>
    Determine choice of indexing for (most) subsumption operations. Choices
    are 'None' for naive subsumption, 'Direct' for direct mapped FV-Indexing,
    'Perm' for permuted FV-Indexing and 'PermOpt' for permuted FV-Indexing
    with deletion of (suspected) non-informative features. Default behaviour
    is 'Perm'.

  --fvindex-featuretypes=<arg>
    Select the feature types used for indexing. Choices are "None" to disable
    FV-indexing, "AC" for AC compatible features (the default) (literal
    number and symbol counts), "SS" for set subsumption compatible features
    (symbol depth), and "All" for all features.Unless you want to measure the
    effects of the different features, I suggest you stick with the default.

  --fvindex-maxfeatures[=<arg>]
    Set the maximum initial number of symbols for feature computation.
    Depending on the feature selection, a value of X here will convert into
    2X+2 features (for set subsumption features), 2X+4 features (for
    AC-compatible features) or 4X+6 features (if all features are used, the
    default). Note that the actually used set of features may be smaller than
    this if the signature does not contain enough symbols.For the Perm and
    PermOpt version, this is _also_ used to set the maximum depth of the
    feature vector index. Yes, I should probably make this into two separate
    options. If you select a small value here, you should probably not use
    "Direct" for the --subsumption-indexing option. The option without the
    optional argument is equivalent to --fvindex-maxfeatures=200.

  --fvindex-slack[=<arg>]
    Set the number of slots reserved in the index for function symbols that
    may be introduced into the signature later, e.g. by splitting. If no new
    symbols are introduced, this just wastes time and memory. If PermOpt is
    chosen, the slackness slots will be deleted from the index anyways, but
    will still waste (a little) time in computing feature vectors. The option
    without the optional argument is equivalent to --fvindex-slack=0.

  --rw-bw-index[=<arg>]
    Select fingerprint function for backwards rewrite index. "NoIndex" will
    disable paramodulation indexing. For a list of the other values run
    'eprover --pm-index=none'. FPX functionswill use a fingerprint of X
    positions, the letters disambiguate between different fingerprints with
    the same sample size. The option without the optional argument is
    equivalent to --rw-bw-index=FP7.

  --pm-from-index[=<arg>]
    Select fingerprint function for the index for paramodulation from indexed
    clauses. "NoIndex" will disable paramodulation indexing. For a list of
    the other values run 'eprover --pm-index=none'. FPX functionswill use a
    fingerprint of X positions, the letters disambiguate between different
    fingerprints with the same sample size. The option without the optional
    argument is equivalent to --pm-from-index=FP7.

  --pm-into-index[=<arg>]
    Select fingerprint function for the index for paramodulation into the
    indexed clauses. "NoIndex" will disable paramodulation indexing. For a
    list of the other values run 'eprover --pm-index=none'. FPX functionswill
    use a fingerprint of X positions, the letters disambiguate between
    different fingerprints with the same sample size. The option without the
    optional argument is equivalent to --pm-into-index=FP7.

  --fp-index[=<arg>]
    Select fingerprint function for all fingerprint indices. See above. The
    option without the optional argument is equivalent to --fp-index=FP7.

  --detsort-rw
    Sort set of clauses eliminated by backward rewriting using a total
    syntactic ordering.

  --detsort-new
    Sort set of newly generated and backward simplified clauses using a total
    syntactic ordering.

   -D <arg>
  --define-weight-function=<arg>
    Define  a weight function (see manual for details). Later definitions
    override previous definitions.

   -H <arg>
  --define-heuristic=<arg>
    Define a clause selection heuristic (see manual for details). Later
    definitions override previous definitions.

  --free-numbers
    Treat numbers (strings of decimal digits) as normal free function symbols
    in the input. By default, number now are supposed to denote domain
    constants and to be implicitly different from each other.

  --free-objects
    Treat object identifiers (strings in double quotes) as normal free
    function symbols in the input. By default, object identifiers now
    represent domain objects and are implicitly different from each other
    (and from numbers, unless those are declared to be free).

  --definitional-cnf[=<arg>]
    Tune the clausification algorithm to introduces definitions for
    subformulae to avoid exponential blow-up. The optional argument is a
    fudge factor that determines when definitions are introduced. 0 disables
    definitions completely. The default works well. The option without the
    optional argument is equivalent to --definitional-cnf=24.


Copyright 1998-2013 by Stephan Schulz, schulz@eprover.org

You can find the latest version of E and additional information at
http://www.eprover.org

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program (it should be contained in the top level
directory of the distribution in the file COPYING); if not, write to
the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330,
Boston, MA  02111-1307 USA

The original copyright holder can be contacted as

Stephan Schulz (I4)
Technische Universitaet Muenchen
Institut fuer Informatik
Boltzmannstrasse 3
85748 Garching bei Muenchen
Germany

